This is for me.
What about mine? Don't you have mine?
Including sir
Only through Miss Chen has Aber been delivered
Please be punctual for your appointment
Miss Cheng
Is this a performance of the alluring banquet?
you
Do you know Qin Opera?
It doesn't matter if you don't know it or not
Here's the thing.
You get the supreme meal of this alluring feast
Qualifications Since Miss Cheng got the alluring banquet
Isn't that a little bit of love?
He is not young at all
Miss
You go first
I'll have a few words with Susu, so you can get busy first
What's the matter miss
Just got the news.
Yan Nichang from the Yan family has already arrived in the southern province
And I heard that the Qing army would canonize him as the king of heaven
Yan Yuchang is right, miss
The owner asked me to tell you
The Qing army was discussing the banquet in the ninth year
The family means to let you go and meet the Qing army
Since you retired
The Tang family is gradually declining
and
The teenagers of the Yan family have also been forcing you to marry
The Tang Family's Business in the Southern Tour
Not struggling
And so forth.
You mean Qing Jun is meeting with Jiu Ye
Yeah, this is the head of the family
It took a lot of connections to get the news
What's wrong, Xian?
He is not the Qing army
Not accurate just now
That's why you helped him just now, right?
Miss, what are you talking about?
It's okay, the situation today has provoked the three major families
Although there are profound magpies to help
But impersonating Qing Jun I is no small matter
You go get my armor
I'm afraid I really have to go to this ivy feast
otherwise
Situation path
You saved my life
Today I am at risk for my past achievements
Spend this life
I also want to keep you alive in front of the thousand troops